💄(scss) refactor scss (#1540)
openfun/richie: UPGRADE.md

## Unreleased

- Add to `spinner` scheme property `base-color-light`

> - The file `_colors.scss` has been divided into `_colors.scss` for the palette, `_gradient.scss`
>   and `_theme.scss`. The scss imports on `_variables.scss` have been removed and moved to the
>   `_main.scss`. If you customize the `_main.scss` you need to include the next block before the
>   import of `richie-education/scss/settings/variables`.
>   ```scss
>   @import 'bootstrap/scss/functions';
>   @import 'bootstrap/scss/variables';
>   @import 'richie-education/scss/settings/fonts';
>   @import 'richie-education/scss/settings/colors';
>   @import 'richie-education/scss/settings/gradients';
>   @import 'richie-education/scss/settings/color_schemes';
>   @import 'richie-education/scss/settings/theme';
>   @import 'richie-education/scss/settings/variables';
>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The file `_colors.scss` has been divided into `_palette.scss` for the palette, `_gradients.scss`, `_schemes.scss`  and `_theme.scss`. Those files are now located in a dedicated folder `colors`.
```

Author: Done
